uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/config/RedisConfig.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.config.RedisConfig
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/IdentityEvidence.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.IdentityEvidence
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/ValidityCheck.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.ValidityCheck
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/IdentityCheck.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.IdentityCheck
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/config/Gpg45Config.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.config.Gpg45Config
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/gpg45/EvidenceScore.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.gpg45.EvidenceScore
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/ActivityCheck.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.ActivityCheck
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.ActivityCheck$ActivityCheckSource
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/IdentityVerification.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.IdentityVerification
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/gpg45/Score.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.gpg45.Score
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/gpg45/IdentityProfile.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.gpg45.IdentityProfile
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/gpg45/ConfidenceLevel.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.gpg45.ConfidenceLevel
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/FraudCheck.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.FraudCheck
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/BundleScores.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.BundleScores
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/gpg45/IdentityProfileIdentifier.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.gpg45.IdentityProfileIdentifier
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/IpvCoreBack.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.IpvCoreBack
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/controller/WelcomeController.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.controller.WelcomeController
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/Quality.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.Quality
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/EvidenceType.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.EvidenceType
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/KnowledgeBasedVerification.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.KnowledgeBasedVerification
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/impl/EvidenceServiceImpl.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.impl.EvidenceServiceImpl
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.impl.EvidenceServiceImpl$1
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/AtpService.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.AtpService
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/IpvRoute.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.IpvRoute
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/controller/IpvController.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.controller.IpvController
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/atp/passport/PassportAtpResponseDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.atp.passport.PassportAtpResponseDto
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.atp.passport.PassportAtpResponseDto$PassportAtpResponseDtoBuilder
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/atp/generic/GenericAtpServiceImpl.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.atp.generic.GenericAtpServiceImpl
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/SessionService.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.SessionService
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/EvidenceService.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.EvidenceService
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/impl/Gpg45ServiceImpl.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.impl.Gpg45ServiceImpl
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/atp/passport/PassportAtpServiceImpl.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.atp.passport.PassportAtpServiceImpl
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/SessionData.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.SessionData
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/dto/CalculateResponseDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.dto.CalculateResponseDto
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/dto/VerificationBundleDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.dto.VerificationBundleDto
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/AttributeProvider.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.AttributeProvider
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/Gpg45Service.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.Gpg45Service
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/RoutingService.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.RoutingService
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/impl/RoutingServiceImpl.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.impl.RoutingServiceImpl
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.impl.RoutingServiceImpl$1
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/config/ObjectMapperConfig.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.config.ObjectMapperConfig
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/config/AtpConfig.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.config.AtpConfig
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/domain/data/IdentityVerificationBundle.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.domain.data.IdentityVerificationBundle
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/dto/SessionDataDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.dto.SessionDataDto
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.dto.SessionDataDto$SessionDataDtoBuilder
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/dto/RouteDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.dto.RouteDto
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/atp/generic/GenericAtpResponseDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.atp.generic.GenericAtpResponseDto
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.atp.generic.GenericAtpResponseDto$GenericAtpResponseDtoBuilder
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/service/impl/SessionServiceImpl.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.service.impl.SessionServiceImpl
uk/gov/di/ipv/core/back/restapi/dto/EvidenceDto.java
 uk.gov.di.ipv.core.back.restapi.dto.EvidenceDto
